this is a static passive stretch it's
static because you're not moving and
it's passive because you're relaxing
it's one of my favorite ways of
stretching but if you're just doing that
you're leaving gains on the table I like
to start every session with a dynamic
stretch it's dynamic because it's moving
30 reps will feel like cardio but it's
totally worth it because it warms you up
for your active stretches this stretch
is active because you actually have to
flex your hamstring to lift yourself up
from the ground 10 reps each side then I
do my static passive stretches for one
set of 30 seconds so to recap 30 of
these on each side 10 of these on each
side and then 30 seconds right here
that's day one of my free hamstring
ebook it's free so you might as well
give it a shot stay Flexi